feat: Add es samples for 11.2.2 (#15)
IBM/ibm-event-automation: event-streams/cr-examples/README.md

> # Custome Resource Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configuration samples
```

> This directory contains different custom resource examples to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains sample configurations for the following custom resources:
```

> - EventStreams instance on kubernetes and openshift platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EventStreams` for configuring an instance of Event Streams on Kubernetes and OpenShift platforms.
```

> - KafkaConnect custom resource configurations for different environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KafkaConnect` for configuring an instance of a Kafka Connect node hosted by Event Streams.
```

> - EventStreamsGeoReplicator custom resources for data replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EventStreamsGeoReplicator` to enable data replication by setting up geo-replication.
```

> - KafkaMirrorMaker2 custom resources for data replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KafkaMirrorMaker2` to enable data replication by setting up geo-replication.
```

> - KafkaUser custom resources with various permissions and security configurations (scram/tls)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KafkaUser` to manage access by setting permissions and security configurations.
```
